--------------------
 Ability Mechanism
--------------------

Abilities are constructed out of Effects, which are in turn built out of BaseEffects.

A BaseEffect is designed to be an indivisible unit of work, it is not a class that will
ever be used directly, but rather is intended to provide a single "thing" that happens
during a spell cast. This will be simply be things like "deal x damage", "set invincible flag to true"
or "spawn a unit". It does not concern itself with the concept of a turn, or any status effects.

An Effect is where the concept of a turn comes into play. An effect is built out of a BaseEffect plus
one or more extra pieces of information. This will often include something like a Duration and a Target,
so a DamageBaseEffect could be triggered every turn for the Duration on the Target. This is where an
icon may be applied and could be used as a status condition, as it holds all the information required
to describe an effect. This is also where the "hooks" may need to be added at a later date*.

An Ability is a single class that holds one or many Effects in whatever combition is desired. This
class can define the behaviour of these Effects and create a fully fledged spell, including animations
later on. For example, a heal over time effect could be combined with an instant heal effect. These
are the classes that the user will directly invoke during the game.


*Several hooks may be necessary on some or all of the effect classes. Hooks will be several methods
such as "onExpire()" and "onDispel()". These hooks will be necessary on at least some of the effects
to determine the behaviour under certain circumstances. For example, if a Curse Effect is applied that
deals x damage per turn, but we also want this effect to instantly apply y damage if it is dispelled, 
this cannot come in the form of a seperate effect as it is intrinsicly tied to the effect. These
hooks allow "onDispel()" to be called by the effect that dispels the effect, this triggering the extra
damage. This may need an interface added to particular types of effects to add these hooks, eg "IDispelable" 
or "IExpereable".

--------------------

Consistantify keeping position between actors and board state

Investimagate nathan's solution for ability templating/execution